Ju Jinho

Personal profile
Student number is S3807487, S3807487@rmit.edu.vn , Korea, Male, I have lived in Korea for 20 years, but since I was young, I went abroad often. My hobbies are playing games and playing soccer. My favorite sports are soccer in summer and skiing in winter. The languages I can speak are Korean and English. I was in the top 0.05 percent of the game Battlegrounds. I belong to a diamond tier in a game called League of Legends.


Ideal Job

(https://boards.greenhouse.io/twitch/jobs/4727175002)
The Senior Creative Strategist does the company's overall work, for example, choosing advertisement, the biggest source of revenue from Twitch. But the most attractive thing is that you can draw up a joint business plan on Twitch.
The skills required by this position require creative thinking skills with more than five years of experience working for other creative teams.
There are many things I can get from joining this company called Twitch, but the only ability I have to get into that company is creative thinking.
I will learn the skills of IT through the regular curriculum of RMIT and get a job in a YouTube-related company after graduation. After I get a job at the company, I will work on responding to customers and developing apps. After creating a five-year career, I will get a job at Twitch.

Compare and contrast the ideal jobs for each person in the group. This may have changed due to feedback from Assignment 1. What common elements are there, if any? What differentiates each position from the others, if anything? How similar or different are your career plans across the group?

After analyzing Jinho’s ideal job at Twitch as a Senior Creative Strategist and comparing it to my ideal job as a Database Administrator/Specialist at LHV Software. I have come to a few common and contrast elements which I will demonstrate below. 
Firstly I will talk about the common points between our ideal occupations. It takes more time to climb to our desired positions, presentation skill, communication skills are required soft skills to obtain the responsibilities of a strategist and an administrator.  

Secondly, the properties to become a strategist and an administrator is quite different. A strategist 's characteristics typically include setting objectives, defining actions to achieve the goals, and marshaling resources to conduct the decision. An administrator is a person whose job is to help coordinate and monitor the way an agency or entity operates.

Last but not least, I will write about the differences and similarities of our career plan. Jinho and I plan to work for different small companies to gain experiences then after a small timespan, we will proceed to get a place in our chosen companies. But Jinho plans to work in responding to customers and developing apps which do not supply the useful skills and knowledge to support him on the way to become a strategist. Different from the route that Jinho chose, I will start on getting a MBA degree related to Database Administration whilst working to support myself.  
